Author's Website: www.heatonresearch.com

Book is written to be readable, but not trivial. It discusses complex topics, and explains when and why
these topics are useful, and how they can be applied.

As per the software license agreement, the materials included with this book (including the source code)
are prohibited from being shared. As such, all notes are paraphrased, and all code written will be
my own.

Strategies used in nature, such as those seen in plants, animals, and evolution, can be used as
inspiration. In nature, things can cooperate and compete. Similiarly, a programmer can create
machines that work together or that compete to become the best. However, nature is purely an
inspiration. In reality, the processes used by nature are very complicated, so for programming
purposes, it's better to simplify things for efficiency. 

This book has 10 chapters:
1: Population and Scoring
A population of solutions are created, which must be scored to determine their value.

2: Crossover and Mutation
Populations can be used to create new members of the population, either by combining two (crossover)
or by modifying one (mutation).

3: Genetic Algorithms
Uses evolution on fixed-length arrays to solve problems like the traveling salesman problem and Iris
classification.

4: Genetic Programming
Uses evolution on dynamically-sized arrays, and uses these ideas to create programs that write programs.

5: Speciation
Dividing the population into different species. Only members of the same species will reproduce with
each other.

6: Particle Swarm Optimization
Groups of particles search for optimizations similar to groups of animals avoiding predators.

7: Ant Colony Optimization
Simulates ant pheromone trails to optimize software solutions.

8: Cellular Automation
Simple rules can create complex results, particularly when evolution is applied.

9: Artificial Life
Capstone project, simulating plant growth.

10: Modeling Problems
Capstone project, predicting Titanic survivors.